(Usagi) Dearest Mamo, please
forgive me!
I allowed a man other than you,
my beloved, into my home.
Even worse, Mom and Dad are
out, so now I'm all alone with
him in my room.
Yes, I know, I know, it's very,
very bad!
But don't worry. Your Usako
isn't that easy!
(Usagi) What?! A burglar?
Yeah, somebody's been breaking
into houses all over the
neighborhood lately.
So be careful.
Our house doesn't really have
anything worth taking.
That's where you're wrong,
Usagi.
Huh?
There's your life, for one
thing.
Come on! Ha!
Oh, I wouldn't take it so
lightly.
Just the other day, the old
lady at the corner store was
threatened with a knife.
[gasps]
Late one night, she heard a
noise coming from the backdoor
when... [screams]
[nervous]
Oh, stop exaggerating.
Look, just stick with your
family and you'll be fine!
Except that I'm watching the
house all by myself tonight!
Aww. Well, I guess you're
toast, then.
(Ami) Minako.
[laughs]
(Seiya) I'll be your bodyguard.
Seiya.
If any burglar tries breaking
into your house, I'll kick his
butt.
You will?
It's pretty nice of me, huh?
Yeah!
No fair!
That means Seiya's gonna be
staying over at Usagi's place,
maybe all night!
You're right, that is not
fair.
Oh, please.
(Usagi) "A Night Alone Together:
Usagi in Danger."
(Usagi) [sighs] There!
Everything nice and tidy.
(Luna) Sure is!
Hmm. Bathroom, living room,
kitchen, anything else?
Oh yeah! I forgot the front
hall.
(Usagi) [crashes]
Usagi, are you sure you're
going to be all right?
[groans] Yeah! I'll just mop
it up.
No, not that. I meant about
Seiya.
Huh?
What will you do if your
faithful, dependable watchdog...
suddenly turns into the big, bad
wolf, huh?
[laughs] Don't be silly.
Usagi!
Yes?
At the end of the day, men are
nothing but animals acting on
instinct.
So don't ever let your
guard down!
Wow. You really don't think
much of them.
[gasps] Coming! [grunts]
Hello? [gasps]
[grunts] Hi! Uh, welcome!
Were you in the middle of
doing yoga or something?
Please make yourself right at
home. I'll go get us something
to eat.
You can't keep a girl waiting
forever, you know.
(Usagi) I'm back! [chuckles]
Which would you like, the
strawberry shortcake or the mont
blanc?
Oh, either is fine.
Then I'll take the shortcake!
Or were you just saying that?
You're not usually this
unassertive, Seiya.
Then I'll have both!
No! Take it from me, girls won't
like you if you're greedy.
That's fine. I'm not really
interested in getting girls to
like me.
What?
You see, when I sing, there is
only one woman whose attention
matters to me.
You mean you're only singing for
her?
That's right.
Just her. We sing our hearts
out for that one special
person.
Hoping that she'll hear us.
Who is this special woman?
Watch it! You're leaning in
too close!
I've been waiting till we were
alone together.
There's something that I've been
wanting to tell you. Promise me
you won't laugh.
Okay.
Oh, no! This is bad, this is
bad!
Bun-Head, I... I have a...
confession to make.
I...
Uh! This might not be such a
good idea.
Why not? I thought we said we
wouldn't keep secrets from
each other.
Well, yeah, but, I didn't
think you meant this kind of
secret.
[nervous]
Come on, just hear me out!
No, really, I can't! [gasps]
[grunts]
(Usagi) Uh. Chibi-Chibi, I
thought you were out with the
others!
(Chibi) Cake, cake! [giggles]
Hey, stop it, where are your
manners?! [grunts]
Chibi-Chibi wanna!
I missed the perfect chance to
tell her.
Wait, Chibi-Chibi. I'll get
it! Uh?
Hi, can we come in?
What the heck?
Where is he?
Huh?
Where is Seiya?
Oh, so that's why you're here.
Hope you don't mind, but after
we told Rei about Seiya being
here...
we thought we'd join the
sleepover.
Just because we thought you
might want more company.
That's right!
Not because we thought you and
he might be getting up to
hanky-panky or anything.
[groan]
Minako!
You had to go and say it.
Thank you guys. I do appreciate
your concern.
(Seiya) Hey! Bun-Head?
[gasps]
You have anything I can wear?
My T-shirt and pants got
cake all over them.
[crying]
Huh? Hey.
What're you doing? Don't do
that!
[horrified shriek]
[screams]
[giggles]
Hey Mako, what's wrong?
It's about Seiya.
Oh, I know! What a body!
Please, Minako.
What if we hadn't shown up when
we did?
Yeah!
I can't believe you'd try to
take a bath together.
Look, I can explain everything
if you'll just...
(Ami) Leave her alone, girls!
Hm?
I'm sure Usagi had her reasons
for, whatever.
Is something wrong?
We just won't tell Mamoru about
it.
No, it isn't like that!
Ami, I think you've peeled
that carrot enough.
Usagi, you're filthy.
Ami, really, it's not what you
think.
(Minako) [screams]
What happened?
Th--There... up there... up
there!
It's only a cockroach.
(Rei) I think it's gonna fly at
us!
(Ami) Don't give it ideas!
Stand back. I'll show you how
it's done.
[screams] No, don't whack it!
[screams]
Yeah, that's right.
[gasps]
(Man on TV) I've waited years
for my revenge! And now I'm
gonna get it! [evil laugh]
(Girls) [panicked screaming]
Coming! Coming! [grunting]
[grunts]
Hello, we were wondering... uh.
Hi there, do you know if Seiya
is here?
Hmm. Yeah, Deiya is here.
(Minako) Taiki! Yaten!
Uh.
Come on in! [chuckles]
What's going on?
Somebody is sitting on the
three of hearts.
Oh, that's me. Here you go.
Aw, thanks.
Pass. You should really play
the five of hearts next, Rei.
No way, Usagi, I'm not gonna
make it that easy for ya.
You're so selfish.
Okay, now it's my turn.
Taiki, I think you're blocking
my play, aren't you?
I can't put anything past you,
Ami.
But then, you're doing the same
with the five of clubs, aren't
you?
[chuckles] I don't know what
you mean.
Well, we'll just have to leave
it at that, then.
Hey, loosen up, Taiki.
Yeah guys, it's only a game.
It's supposed to be fun.
I pass.
Pass.
I pass too.
You have a card you can play,
why don't you play it?
Maybe I will if you'll go on a
date with me.
Don't be like that, just play
it.
[giggles] No, no way!
Looks like we didn't need to
worry.
I'll say.
Eight teenage girls and boys
sitting around together
playing a game of cards.
It's so wholesome it's scary.
[chuckles]
(Haruka) It's no go. Fan belt's
broken.
Guess we're stuck here for a
while.
(Michiru) Oh dear, that is a
problem.
(Haruka) Nothing we can do. I'll
call and have it towed.
(Michiru) Wait. Isn't this
Usagi's house?
(Haruka) Yeah. Let's drop in
and kill some time.
(Michiru) All right. Though it's
not like I'm ever bored being
with you.
(Usagi) Coming!
[gasps] Haruka! Michiru!
Hey there, kitten.
Good evening.
So what brings you here?
Well, we had a little car
trouble.
Huh?
You again.
What are you doing here?
Nope, I'm never bored with
Haruka.
Isn't this one so cute?
It sure is.
Sure is.
You seem to have a lot of free
time. For such a busy celebrity.
Not that it's any of your
business, but we had a
cancellation today.
And anyway, I'm here as her
bodyguard.
That right? So what're the other
guys doing here?
They supposed to be bodyguards
for the bodyguard?
Say what?!
Yeah, she needs protection. From
you guys.
Hey, don't drag the rest of us
into this, we have nothing to
do with it!
Yaten. Just ignore her.
Hmph!
Usagi, those two don't get
along very well, do they?
I think I know the reason
why. Haruka doesn't like boys.
(Chibi-Chibi) Doesn't like boys.
So that's it.
Don't listen to her.
Haruka doesn't like popular
boys.
Oh. Right.
You're not helping, Michiru.
Yes?
Hi, how are ya! I'm Jun Godai,
host of "Gourmet Banzai!"
And you've been chosen to be on
our show! Can we come in and
film your dinner?
I'm sorry.
You haven't already eaten
dinner, have you?
No not yet...
What's on the menu?
Take-out pizza.
Pizza! Always a favorite! So
you mind if we come on in?
Uh, wait, let me just clean up
for a minute!
Well? What do we do?
A TV crew?
That's a problem.
If they show us hanging out at a
girl's house at night...
it's not going to be very good
for our image.
"The Three Lights' Secret
Night-Life." It'll be a scandal.
We'll just have to hide, then.
Minako! Stall them for as long
as you can!
Yeah! We're counting on you.
Wait, why me?
All right if we come in now?
Uh. Sure!
Stay quiet!
[grunts]
Chibi! Chibi!
Shh!
Shh! Shh!
It's cramped in here.
Seiya. Watch where your
putting your hands all right?
What are you talking about?
Oh! You're denying it?
I wasn't touching!
Shh!
Uh, sorry.
Um. Say, listen, about what I
said earlier.
There really is something I
have to tell you.
[gasps]
Does it have to be right now?
Yeah, because I have you
alone.
But you don't have me alone,
Chibi-Chibi's here. Besides, I
already have Mamo remember?
I think you have the wrong
idea.
No, you do, if you're thinking
the naughty things I think
you're thinking!
Naughty things?
(Jun) [screams]
[grunts]
You stay here with Chibi-Chibi.
Where are you going?
Never mind that. Just stay put
and keep quiet. [grunts]
What do you want? Who are you?
You just stay right there and
you'll find out. Now, Siren, the
Star Seed!
(Karasuma) Siren?
Sorry, did you say something?
This isn't sit down and have a
slice of pizza time!
Who are you people, anyway?
Mm. Pardon my manners, I would
have introduced myself earlier,
but my mouth was full.
Hello, I'm Sailor Aluminum
Siren.
Oh. Nice to meet ya.
Get your head in the game, will
you?! We didn't come here to
make nice!
But, Mommy taught me that
children who aren't polite...
to others will never grow up to
be good adults.
I don't care what Mommy said!
This guy right here is our
target!
[stammering] Whoa, wait a
second, target?
Ah. Well, in that case.
Stop! Don't do it!
Too late!
Huh?
[screams]
What the?
Huh?! I told you to stay
upstairs!
Hey, I'm your bodyguard.
Well, keep out of sight!
I need to transform! [gasps]
Are you all right, Usagi?
Yeah! Sorry!
Mhm. Moon Etern...
Usagi!
What are you doing there?
Wrong bathroom, sorry!
[laughs]
Usagi, do something! Hurry!
(Reiko) Oh, dear. Look, Crow.
Yeah, it died.
Like a fleeting flower.
Get it together, Siren! I
thought you were supposed to be
my rival!
You were the one who chose this
target, and you were the
one who brought me here.
And come to think of it, this
whole thing was your idea,
pretty much.
So how can I get it together
when I haven't done anything
in the first place?
You never do anything!
And meanwhile, I'm working my
tail off because I want you to
get the credit!
I appreciate your concern
for me, I really do.
Now, listen, you...
Airhead?
Huh?
I learned that's what people
like me are called by the
inhabitants of this planet.
Amusing, isn't it?
Yeah, I don't think it's a
compliment.
[gasps] Oh, what pretty
petals!
[gasps]
Answering the call from a new
era, Sailor Uranus, here to
fight with brilliance!
And Sailor Neptune here to
fight with elegance.
I don't believe this!
That's right, you tell 'em!
Don't they know people have to
eat off that table?!
Oh. Uh. We didn't realize.
We're sorry.
Come on, let's go!
They got away! [gasps]
[heavy breathing]
(Usagi) Moon Eternal Make Up!
I'm Sailor Sommelier!
I see pepperoni on that pizza,
and for meat, I always
recommend a red wine!
[grunts]
Hmph!
Deep Submerge!
Why, thank you!
That's impossible!
This smooth little aperitif
would go well with an appetizer.
Like her, for instance.
[screams] That was just kind of
a joke, right?
Now who's hungry? I know I
am!
Yum! Ha-haaaa!
[screams]
(Sailor Moon) Moon Tiara
Action!!
[grunting]
Hm?
Trying to eat a young lady is
bad enough.
Do you have to trash the
whole house while doing
it?
[gasp] Sailor Moon!
Who do you think has to clean
all thi--? [grunts]
Like I was saying, who do you
think has to clean up this
mess?
I am the Pretty Guardian who
fights for love and for
justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
(Sailor Mars) Hey, don't forget
about us!
Hm?
Sailor Mars!
Sailor Jupiter!
And Sailor Mercury!
It's getting a little cramped
in here. You should've found a
bigger house for this party.
Quiet, you!
(Sailor Star Healer) Breaking
through the darkness of night.
(Sailor Star Maker) Traveling
unchained across the atmosphere.
(Sailor Star Fighter) The three
sacred shooting stars!
Sailor Star Fighter!
Sailor Star Maker!
Sailor Star Healer!
We are the Sailor Star
Lights! Stage on!
This place is a little tight,
Sailor Moon.
[grunts] It always seemed plenty
big to me, I never even thought
about it. But looking at it now.
It seems small.
Star Gentle...!
No, wait, don't do that!
[grunts] What gives? Let go!
You can't use that attack in
here!
Stop it!
Yeah, get off her!
Uh, hello?
Stay out of this!
Now, Sailor Moon! Hurry!
Mhm.
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[screams]
Thank you for a lovely dinner!
Until next time.
[gasps]
Why'd they even show up again?
So long, kitten.
We'll be on our way, too.
[chuckles]
Wait! You're not going to help
me clean up?! [groans]
Uh, guys?
A little help here? My arms
are getting tired.
(Seiya) Well that didn't take
too long to clean up.
[sighs] Only all night.
I'm pooped.
[gasps]
Huh? What was that??
It came from the hallway.
A burglar?
Don't worry, I'm on it.
[gasps] Look, look, right
there!
(Mako) Could that be?
[growls] You dare??
Mako, cut that out!
All right, we'll all jump him
on the count of three. Got it?
Okay, one, two, three!
[scared screams]
[sloppy eating] Chibi-Chibi.
Chibi-Chibi!
You really scared us!
Another mess to clean up!
Yum! Chibi-Chibi! [giggles]
(Usagi) Taiki, what do you mean
you're canceling the concert?!
(Taiki) I can't go on singing
when no one understands our
message.
(Usagi) Well wait. Before you
go, can you at least take a look
at this drawing?
(Taiki) [gasp] Who drew this?
(Usagi) A little girl who's a
big fan of yours. But she's
very, very sick.
(Taiki) Sick?
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Taiki's Song Filled with
Passion and Faith."
The moonlight is a messenger
of love.